# Overview

### Character Set and Encoding

CURO uses the default character set of the XML specification, UTF-8. ASCII 0 – 127 characters are also valid UTF-8 characters.
Every request message send to the API must be UTF-8 encoded. Any other encoding may result in system errors or unexpected behavior.

### Security

Connection to the API is only possible using HTTPS (HTTP over SSL) Internet connection, encrypted with 2048-bit encryption.

### API entry-points

All requests are made to API end-points. There are two available entry-points in this CURO API.
First is the Live API entry-point, where all live requests should be addressed to:<nl/>
`https://secure.curopayments.net/rest/v1/curo/`<nl/>
Second is a Test API entry-point, where you can test your implementation:<nl/>
`https://secure-staging.curopayments.net/rest/v1/curo/`

>Nice to know
>* Don’t forget to switch from the Test API end-point to the Live one when switching to production mode.
>* Live and Test are two completely separate platforms; by default the authentication info, your merchant id and site ids will be shared for both environments.
>* Site- and user information changed on the _Live_ backoffice will automatically overwrite the corresponding setting on the _Test_ backoffice!

### API Authentication

Access to the API is granted via HTTP Basic access authentication over SSL protocol. The "username" and "password" are your merchant_id or account-name and API key respectively. These need to be supplied with each request for a valid communication with the API.

<!-- lineNumbers: false -->
```php
$iMerchant = 'your-account-id';
$sAPI_Key = 'your-API-secret-provided-by-CURO';
```
Using CURL in PHP you can set the authentication information like this:
<!-- lineNumbers: false -->
```php
// Set HTTP Basic Authentication
curl_setopt( $ch, CURLOPT_HTTPAUTH, CURLAUTH_BASIC );
curl_setopt( $ch, CURLOPT_USERPWD, $iMerchant . ':' . $sAPI_Key );
```
Passing authentication information in the request header:
<!-- lineNumbers: false -->
```php
header( 'Authorization: Basic ' . base64_encode( $iMerchant . ':' . $sAPI_Key ) );
```
Each merchant has their own user-name and API key known to you and CURO only. Don't ever share these credentials - if someone else gets a hold of it, they'll be able to access anything within given privileges.
>Please contact us for your personal API Key to access the API<nl/>
>Resellers/partners can use their credentials to submit requests on behalf of their merchants
<!-- theme: warning -->
>Don't ever share your API credentials unless you know what you are doing.<nl/>
CURO won't indemnify you or your clients for any (ab)use of this API.

### Supported formats

The API is able to process request and response in different formats. This gives you a great flexibility in usage of the API.
You can either pass the desired format in a variable, or using the HTTP `Accept:` header. The default format for the CURO protocol is `JSON`.

Name | format value | Accept header | Remarks
--- | --- | --- | ---
JSON **(default)** | format=json | Accept: application/json | JavaScript Object Notation, is a simple machine-readable data-interchange format, which makes constructing API applications in JavaScript easy (though it can be used from other languages too). For more information about JSON, visit json.org.
XML	| format=xml | Accept: application/xml | (Extensible Markup Language) is a set of rules for encoding the documents in machine-readable form. It is defined in the XML 1.0 Specification produced by the W3C, and several other related specifications, all free open standards.
Serialize | format=serialize | Accept: application/php | PHP serialised value.
