# Payment Methods

In the checkout page of the webshop, you should present the possible payment types to the consumer, and pass the selected value to the gateway in parameter **pt**.

>1. For payment method iDEAL you should also show the possible banks to the user on your checkout page.
The selected bank can be passed to the gateway in parameter **issuer**.
>2. Please note:
>   Availability of a payment method depends on the package requested.
>   Payment types must be enabled on your account before they can be used.
>   Some payment methods may require an additional/custom contract with a partner.
>   Regulations vary per payment method and country, some methods may not be available for your kind of business.

Contact your account manager for more details or if you have any questions.

Currently, the following payment methods are available (alphabetic "Value" order):

Payment method | Entry Point Name | Recurring | Availability | Currencies (1)
--- | --- | --- | --- | ---
Afterpay | afterpay | no | NL, DE, BE | EUR
Bancontact | bancontact | yes | BE | EUR
Bank transfer | banktransfer | no | Worldwide | EUR, USD  GBP
Billink | billink | no | NL | EUR
Bitcoin | bitcoin | no | Worldwide | BTC (**2**)
Credit Card | creditcard | yes | Worldwide | EUR, USD, GBP, CHF, SEK, NOK, AUD, CAD, NZD, PLN, DKK, HKD, MOP, TWD, SGD, MYR, CZK
Direct Debit (SEPA) | directdebit | yes | SEPA countries | EUR
Giropay | giropay | yes | AT, CH, DE, LU | EUR 
iDEAL | ideal | yes | NL | EUR
Klarna | klarna | no | NL, DE, NO, SE, DK, FI, AT | EUR, NOK, SEK, DKK
PayPal | paypal | yes | Worldwide | (depends on your account settings)
Paysafecard | paysafecard | yes | Worldwide | EUR, USD, ARS, AUD, BGN, CAD, CHF, CZK, DKK, GBP, GEL, HRK, HUF, KWD, NOK, MXN, NZD, PEN, PLN, ROB, SAR, SEK, TRY, UYU, AED
Przelewy24 | przelewy24 | yes | Poland | PLN
SOFORTbanking | sofortbanking | yes | AT, BE, CH, DE, NL | EUR, CHF (**3**)
OnlineÜberweisen | onlineueberweisen | yes | AT, BE, CH, DE, NL | EUR
paysafecash | paysafecash | yes | Wordwide | EUR, USD, ARS, AUD, BGN, CAD, CHF, CZK, DKK, GBP, HRK, HUF, LTL, LVL, NOK, MXN, NZD, PEN, PLN, RON, SEK, SKK, TRY, UYU

**1.** Notes about currency support.
* unless agreed otherwise, settlement of funds will always be in EUR.
* in most countries it is a legal requirement to present prices on the webshop in the currency that will be charged to the customer.
* **2.** Bitcoin will automatically be converted from the given currency to corresponding BTC value at that time; payouts are in EUR by default.
* **3.** SOFORT will only support CHF to your own CHF account.